on the mega I have to use these old
bushings like you know all the new
bushings taper and on the bottom but
like could and they push out at a
certain point so they're a little bit
more stable but these are from like the
late 80s Early 90s so literally this is
the last of what they had and I made
sure that I had enough to last me
forever so I'm going to give up a set of
greens there's a whole super kiss set up
right here these are vintage and you
cannot your hands on these at all ever
again but I got enough hopefully for the
rest of my career I'll be able to you
know make make complete- boards that
work the way I wanted to
yeah bow on the laker later Kobe good
thing this assholes not rest of the game
tonight I just made some enemies I said
all you guys did I say it all you
fucking asshole fucking bandwagon hater
fucks I'm sweaty I just working it out
with these guys right now this is battle
the barracks three we've got the battle
between Paul Rodriguez one Sean Malto
here's the rules boys this is flat
ground only but that doesn't mean
anything on flat ground counts don't
feed on the ground means no no comply
don't hand plants no bonuses no grabs no
doing tricks that slide on the ground of
your opponent pop just trick also it
gets two tries I'll fencer toe drag gets
one do-over defensive toe drag has a
bigger margin for error but will
ultimately be decided by our referee
mostly fuck you keep it clean he
believed me fucking fuck Boston's face
boys right here ok let's roshambo Paul
has scissors he cuts his paper I'll go
fir sec yeah
roll over time and the waiter is besides
the Lakers tonight fucking regime Boston